rubric is all hello
today is a very positive episode
which shows how correct
choice of specialization can make you
successful
sought-after and unique photographer
it's about a character named mike
albert past in 1998 he was
a member of the punk rock band they played
engaged in music recorded their
albums
for which he already has separate calculations
respect from me personally well, in general, mike
got a family he had children and
he decided to move to a calmer
earning and also continue your journey in
creativity and he decided to go into the genre
wedding photography
of course us punk rock musician on
wedding photographer just super jump
well done for it 5 points again from
Well, in general, Mike looked
on the internet and found through
specialized sites on which
laid out photos of such here
cool brides that girls try
hide your tattoos they're like you them
cover or then delete photoshop
because they are afraid of condemnation
society then mike thought oh my goodness
why is it necessary
do something about it and he decided
do exactly shooting
tattooed brides since for each
tattooed some
certain story and so mike became
take pictures
just a bride for and ditch komi he
asked people what the general way appeared
your tattoo but if you are not easy and
so you got a butterfly there if you
seriously tattoo then i think what
it covers some situation that is
some kind of life situation tragedy or
on the contrary, but joy is something about
tells your tattoo
and he began to carry out a photo shoot which
associated with these pictures on the body mod and
he became very popular he became very
successful and only works in this
he has a very unusual segment
cool portfolio
I already laid out
graphs in your community but you also
just look cool character
which brides which grooms with dreadlocks with
these rings with tattoos well, just
real rock and roll plus in description
the video will be a link to his site and will
links to sites where you can see
correct not boring rock and roll
these gorgeous brides are so cool
release me already goosebumps because
well i love rock and roll love rock you about
I know this, I hope well, in general, I write down
from the first double because it's the only way
you can pass all the positive and elegant
power industry
who infected me mike albert with
such an unusual surname that's all
Thank you very much for your attention
please send me your stories
I beg you goodbye